{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Shafeeg
\b0  - Had 3 Meetings for Omniture tagging, Communities Profile Integration for Ratings and Reviews, and my weekly 1-to-1 meeting with the client. We broke down Polls backend tasks. Updated weekly status spreadsheet for client to review both Iteration 3 and 4 tasks, Maintenance, New Feature Requests, and discussed MySears/MyKmart Viewpoints migration tasks. Meet with Team regarding Profile Integration using a widget. Need to review requirements again. Ad widget dimensions meeting with Katherine. Need to check why the sizing is not what was specified in the wireframes. Check into ad widget scaling in WP backend to see if it is a training issue. \
\
Share for Facebook/Twitter on Kmart not working? Email from Phil at 8:19 this morning\
\

\b Carl 
\b0 - Work on AddThis problem - Facebook Twitter links broken - More ShareThis testing.\
\

\b Dan
\b0  - Referrer issues for redirect | Jiras \
\

\b Eddie - 
\b0  Meeting with Omniture, Broke down Polls, Workflow Solutioning for Git, continue working on Workflow (with Robert Finder)\
\

\b Brendan 
\b0 - Resource planning for Ratings and Reviews, Garden Club estimate (T-shirt size by January) - On what we can get done by then. SOW for another Facebook project. Meeting with Carl regarding Header and Footer. \
\

\b Sean
\b0  - Opened new Jiras for profile, Polls meeting, QA training for Kristin, continue helping Kristin and going through \
\

\b Kristin
\b0  - Regression testing, created some new Jiras, and today the same\
\

\b Tim
\b0  - Omniture meeting, final touches on Facebook App project, and worked environments over back to Communities. \
\

\b Jason
\b0  - Estimate for ODL changes, worked on a few Jira tickets for Communities. }