{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 hamid 
\b0 - spent all day on communities testing\
\

\b carl
\b0  - jason and carl paired on working on user photo and worked further showing and hiding expert answers. having difficulties because need to work out database issues. today jason and carl will work further on user photos. carl needs to research further. \
\

\b jason 
\b0 - user photo with carl - broke on uxint - fixed - today couple of things wrap up to address rendering.\
\

\b tim 
\b0 - login form now working saving cookie using json object. worked on making code universal. last night found issues reported to sean. \
\

\b eddie
\b0  - all post widget / sub widgets needs a lot of testing. content list, results list, feature, etc. \
\

\b dan
\b0  - uxint login wasn't working due to multi-site. guid issues / fixed and deployed. worked on profile page and worked on data gathering. action jackson plugin. now fixed. fixed a couple of bugs. today work with sean on login bug issues. also, have to do backend for cookie stuff on login. have to make modifications to registration page directing back to login. login failures are not providing validation menu messages. \
\

\b sean
\b0  - went over whole site and tested pretty extensively. found several new bugs and verified old ones. \
\

\b sebastian
\b0  - came close finished with action jackson, worked on see more stuff, spent some time testing. gonna finish up the action jackson, work on comments and reply to.  \
\

\b brendan
\b0  - presentation for roadmap. meeting about education center. working with Konish on new blog for Koner. Interview later today. \
}