{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Shafeeg
\b0  - \
\
Reviewing deliverables for Iteration 3. Still waiting for updated Polls compositions. Ad Units - we're waiting for some additional requirements from Phil. He was busy yesterday so he'll get on that today. Had ViewPoints migration meetings for MySears and MyKmart URLs. Looked over maintenance Jiras. \
\
Jiras and get more estimates for the client today on features requested last week. And work on solutioning ViewPoints migration. Today I will continue working to get assets Polls and requirements for Ad Units, and following up with you guys on Maintenance tasks. Have 2 meetings at 10:00 a.m. for Omniture tagging, and also at 2:00 p.m. with Responsys for the Answer Network deliverable.  \
\
\
-worked on estimating/solutioning viewpoints DNS migration\
-reviewed new polls wires/comps\
-answer network meeting at 2:00 p.m.\
\
today \
10:30 meeting for Omniture Tagging\
1:00 1-1 Weekly Meeting with Client\
3:00 Community Profile Meeting for Ratings and Reviews\
\

\b Kristin 
\b0 - Regression testing with Sean | Need Jira (Access Request) | \
\

\b Tim 
\b0 - FB App Project | Comm Javascript  | Omniture\
\

\b Jason 
\b0 - Product API  | Birthday Club | More related products (try to finish this week)\
\

\b Carl 
\b0 - Spent entire day on AddThis plugin (Will work with Tim for assistance| Meet with Casey. | Comment counts (Community Team Answers)\
\

\b Eddie 
\b0 - FitStudio work with Brendan | Met with Sean + Phil and re-wrote Answer Network requirements | Dropdown sub-categories | \
\

\b Sebastian 
\b0 - FB App Project / Apps | Posts | \
\

\b Hamid 
\b0 -  Get client req for Comm\
\

\b Sean 
\b0 - New Jiras reported | Went over Answer Network Req + Meeting \
\

\b Dan 
\b0 - Disable/Rewrite Cronjob | ODL / Product API (BDC)\
\
}