{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Yesterday
\b0\fs22 \

\b\fs24 \

\b0\fs22 Setup profile meeting with Judy
\b\fs24 \

\b0\fs22 Calculate launch date from estimates and negotiated delivery date with client as 15th\
Send Casey launch date for Polls\
Continued working on documentation for client development process and sent first draft to the client for review. Have a meeting with Casey/Phil tomorrow about it.              
\b \

\b0 Work with Dan on Temporary 302 redirect issue.\
\

\b\fs24 Today
\b0\fs22 \

\b \

\b0 Discuss process with Brendan.\
Further refine documentation\
Follow up with Sean/Hamid for any maintenance items for production push\
Follow up with team on anything they need for Polls work\
Follow up on ViewPoints IP address. \

\b \
Eddie - 
\b0 fixing Git issues / started fixing Poll widget / finish that / work on Javascript / adding of email column. 
\b \
\
Dan
\b0  - Worked on Polls for pagination. Added email address column and finish up pagination. Handed cron for review to Brendan. / or Jiras. \
\

\b Hamid
\b0  - FInished up last of acceptance tests for polls / ODL design meeting / documentation stuff \
\

\b Sean
\b0  - Went over acceptance tests / as well as documentation with shafeeg/ hamid / regression testing / jira maintenance / Work with Kristin\
\

\b Carl
\b0  - Started work on making HTML/CSS for Polls. Hit a snag for UiHelperGem. Worked with separate team. Re-start bundle in SASS after CSS changes are pushed. Today more on Polls. Working with Sean on SYW and confirmed that fixes did get into INT, but is not working on QA. Talk to Shafeeg about issue.\
\

\b Kristin
\b0  - Went through test cases spreadsheet / Create Jiras/ Created separate spreadsheet for Jiras about truncation / Meet up with Kristin - Write test cases into Jira\
\

\b Tim
\b0  - OOO\
\

\b Jason
\b0  - WFH - \
\

\b Brendan
\b0  - Facebook App / Scope Creep / Revised date for Ratings and Reviews for March 20th / Get 3-4 new people in for Thanksgiving. Code Review cron for Gear / Meeting with Andy at 11:30 a.m.\
\

\b Sebastian 
\b0 -
\b  
\b0 helping Patton with Game-on | More App coding \
}