{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Yesterday:\

\b0 -Setup profile Bios for about 10 experts on Communities (from Frank)
\b \

\b0 -2:30 p.m. Ratings and Reviews (Brendan, Eddie, and Hamid)\
-3:30 p.m. 302 Redirect Meeting\
-2:30 p.m. Ratings and Reviews\
\

\b Today:\

\b0 10:30 a.m. Ratings and Reviews Meeting\
-More ViewPoints\
-Bug Sebastian/Dan on 302 Redirect issue\
-Follow up with team for questions/concerns on Polls. \
-We need to get on INT today and start QA.\
TIMESHEETS/WORKLENZ\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Eddie - 
\b0 Ratings/ Reviews, Submodules, test polls on INT, \

\b \
Dan
\b0  - Finished up Polls loose ends, 302 redirect meetings, hop back on Jiras, get sql script ready for polls, \
\

\b Hamid
\b0  - Ratings and Reviews meeting \
\

\b Sean
\b0  - Went through all open/resolved bugs, start testing out Polls. \
\

\b Carl
\b0  - Worked on FED for Polls and working on getting it fully integrated. Header/Footer meeting, Get Polls working. \
\

\b Kristin
\b0  - Work with Sean \
\

\b Tim
\b0  - 
\f1\fs30 On Friday, I was got things set as far as I could on the polls widget. I was waiting for the submodule to be set up. Once it was set up Carl was able to start getting the HTML in to place and I can get my JavaScript set up.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
I know Carl has something to discuss with Eddie regarding the widget so that he can get the HTML set up correctly. Once Carl\'92s HTML is set up correct, I can plug my JavaScript in for the error handling.\
\
The other thing I was doing was doing JavaScript performance tests as well as reading up on some new optimization techniques (research). I also read up on the Google Gmail optimization project (very interesting read from Google).\
\
Tomorrow, when I get home, I will hook up my script into the Polls widget if it is ready \'96 or I will continue work on the optimization. 
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\b Jason
\b0  - Facebook plugin, importing stuff, worked on taxonomies issues (over weekend), \
\

\b Brendan
\b0  - profile meeting, Facebook meeting, R&R approved, write job descriptions, schedule meetings. Garden (Club) Shop site meeting at 4 p.m.\
\

\b Sebastian 
\b0 - Meeting with Patton on men upgrade / load issues (memory)}