{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16660\viewh11500\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Yesterday
\b0 \

\b \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 Worked with Sebastian to get the TTL's lowered for the MySears/MyKmart domains to new ViewPoints AWS IP,
\b \

\b0 Work with Tim and Carl on creative for Polls and start going over front end development and story creation. We noted some concerns with the creative and scheduled a meeting with the client, ux, and creative for 10:30 today.\
\
2:00 p.m. Responsys meeting where we met with an engineer to go over all the available options for solutioning. \
3:00 p.m. Omniture tagging meeting same deal. \
4:00 p.m. Meeting with Phil before he goes on vacation. Had a discussion about dates and convinced them on pushing dates and re-prioritizing upcoming deliverables. 
\fs22 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b\fs24 \cf0 Today\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 Work on and documented an abuse issue with Communities to block user, set post to draft, and unapprove comments. Try to get IP address of user.
\b \

\b0 10:30 a.m. meeting regarding Polls. 
\b \

\b0 Work on weekly progress report that needs to be sent to the client.\
Follow up with Sean on getting all the latest tags for a production push early this afternoon.\
Front end stories for Polls. Estimates due by EOB Thursday (If Iga gets creative done by 11/01 a.m. hours). If not, then by EOB Friday. Backend Poll estimates will be due by EOB friday.\
302 Temporary redirect.
\fs22 \

\fs24 Work on reviewing alternate email providers suggested by Casey (other than Responsys).\
Create and document client development process going forward (due EOB Friday).\
Followed up with ESOC for updating TTLs to 300 DNS changes for MySears and MyKmart.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b\fs22 \cf0 \
Dan
\b0  - Worked on a few Jiras > Meet the Team, but not working on INT > Recent Activity bugs > Profile recent activity from 5 -> 10 listings. > Cron \
\

\b Hamid
\b0  - Met with Tim/Carl for Polls Creative > Finished acceptance tests for backend polls > Responsys > Omniture > Kmart fashion > Products listed on pages are out of stock > \
\

\b Sean
\b0  - Regression testing on Search and Search Results > Responsys > Finished up subtasks and acceptance tests for Polls > Jira review > Global Components regression\
\

\b Carl
\b0  - Polls meeting > Fixed issues with Share and pushed up to dev/int > Polls meeting / header footer meeting > \
\

\b Eddie
\b0  - Omniture / Responsys > Meeting with Brendan/Shafeeg regarding all upcoming deliverables. \
\

\b Kristin
\b0  - Regression in INT/QA/PROD\
\

\b Tim
\b0  - Met on Polls and reviewed Omniture > SHC JSL > Polls \
\

\b Jason
\b0  - Change for products plugin > pushed up tag for fix > Kmart fashion client requests \
\
}