{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Tim
\b0  - OOO / WFH (FB APP)\
\

\b Sebastian
\b0  - OOO - Dan to take care of any deployments required. 
\b \
\
Shafeeg
\b0  - Reviewing deliverables for Iteration 3. Still waiting for updated Polls compositions. Ad Units - we're waiting for some additional requirements from Phil. He was busy yesterday so he'll get on that today. Had ViewPoints migration meetings for MySears and MyKmart URLs. Looked over maintenance Jiras. \
\
Jiras and get more estimates for the client today on features requested last week. And work on solutioning ViewPoints migration. Today I will continue working to get assets Polls and requirements for Ad Units, and following up with you guys on Maintenance tasks. Have 2 meetings at 10:00 a.m. for Omniture tagging, and also at 2:00 p.m. with Responsys for the Answer Network deliverable.  \
\

\b Jason
\b0  -  Worked on Communities Jiras (maintenance Jiras)\
\

\b Carl 
\b0 - *WILL NOT BE IN STANDUP on 10/24/12* Jiras (Share) | Reactivate AddThis Plugin | Work with Eddie on Community Team Answers | \
\

\b Hamid
\b0  -  Jira access request | Training with Casey's team | Flag issues with Dan (moderate comments, answers, and flags) | ODL Content | Jira\
\

\b Brendan
\b0  - FitGear issues | FB App\
\

\b Kristin
\b0  - Kmart Posts | QA\
\

\b Dan
\b0  - Update to profile page regarding comments - Capabilities for non-admins to be able to moderate flags - Grilling is Happiness issues - Disabling/Rewriting Cronjobs - Jump \
\

\b Eddie
\b0  - Testing Dropdown for SubCategory Menu (Mostly Done) - AJAX Broken with SSL on Gear (Origin)\
\

\b Sean
\b0  - Profile test cases | Go through previous test cases | Worked with Phil on Custom Msg test cases for Share | Work on PHP Sears Care Badge | Facebook Inline Share (modal) works, but not "Footer" option. Today help Kristin with regression testing.\
\
}