{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Sean - second iteration stuff | talked with tim and eddie to figure out work | help creating stories in jira \
\
Sebastian - fixed bugs | push fixes | fix qa in proper state | more jira work\
\
Hamid - figuring out second iteration tasks | wait on dan to finish LDAP display name | create stories  \
\
Eddie - solutioned for link in menu / solutioned for removed comments should not show crest / solutioned for employees to be set automatically as associate / trying to fix uxdev / tag ready for right rail borders / building out list of iteration 2 tasks along with regular work / \
\
Tim - working on getting shc-jsl working in development | worked with Shafeeg on next round iteration planning | working on JS, as well as Facebook App Dev | SHC Vendors link \
\
Kristin - Posts | Posts  \
\
Brendan - Desk move | Work on Craftsman Estimate | Garden Club | Worked on HA Education Center (no more) | Meeting with Vendor for Facebook App | Continue working on Craftsman Estimate | Schedule an Interview | Internal Wireframes Review for Polls \
\
Jason - Closed several Jira tickets | Worked on Birthday Club Stuff | Getting Computer online \
\
Carl - Worked on Kmart header link for SHC Vendors so that they can access their third party site. Worked on proposal and presented it to Brendan. Continue working on pushing out Ribbon fix. Change for AddThis tested on other environments and not working everywhere. Will work with Sean. \
\
Dan - Worked on duplicate user script, tested, and tweaked a couple of things on it. Seems to be fine on a local database. 2-3 hours to run the script. In meeting with Judy and the screen name stuff for experts, moderators, SHC employees, once their all setup, send an email to Hamid to let them know and test. today, worked on solutioning for SSO plugin on redirect 302 redirect | test fix for that today by checking referrers to fix problems with Google Analytics.}