{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Consolas;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Shafeeg
\b0  - \
\

\fs22 Yesterday\
\
-Talked with Carl and Dan about Profile Integration for Ratings/Reviews. \
-Worked with Phil, Hamid, and Sean on some bugs reported by moderators\
-Ratings/Reviews meeting with Brendan\
-Reviewed Basic GitFlow Concepts with Eddie\
-Broke down and created stories for backend user polls. we are still waiting on the front end creative to get approved. Gave them deadline by EOB today.\
-Emailed ViewPoints to get IP address for MySears/MyKmart migration.\
\
Today\
\
-Review the Ad Unit requirements I received last night from the client. \
-Follow up with the client on creative for Polls. \
-Work on gathering information for Holiday Readiness Email. Found the Jira with information submitted before launch, but there wasn't much in there. https://jira.intra.sears.com/jira/browse/ESOC-54047\
-Follow up with Eddie on some backend research on Polls so that we can modify and estimate stories. \
-Eddie, If we have time, at the end of the day, go through the rest of the GitFlow concepts and process.\
-Email address requirements from Frank for Polls\
\
Sean - Full regression testing for open/re-opened/resolved. Closed a bunch of Jiras that were already fixed and needed verification. Worked with Hamid about Last Posted bug reported by moderators. Today more regression testing with Christian \
\
Dan - Profile discussion with Shafeeg and Carl. Tweaked cron requests for BDC and will work to reactivate. Work on Jiras. Discuss Polls backend with Eddie. \
\
Eddie - Polls backend stories requirements, GitFlow, fixing Jiras and testing GItFlow. \
\
Tim - SHC JSLs, forms, today will be same\
\
Kristin - More regression / open and closing Jiras\
\
Jason - Updated Jiras, did BDC work updating scroll bar on Facebook feed and pushed to production, and today work back on products plugin. \
\
Brendan
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
1. Revised\'a0\'a0Garden club estmimate to Todd.\'a0\'a0For January only launch.\
2. Tailgating - Client Updates\
3. App Grab Bag - I am having a discussion with BYT today at 11:00\
4. IT Security - I have a meeting with Brad Lindow on Tuesday. This will help with further app launches, etc\
\
Community\
\
1.\'a0\'a0Revised R&R Launch Date\
2. CSAT - done\
3. Responsys - Swapnil's team to setup a meeting with Adobe\
4. Polls - if we do not get final creative then it will push the launch date\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \
Carl - OOO\
\
Hamid - WFH -\

\fs24 \
}