{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14080\viewh15840\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Brendan
\b0  - Setting up meeting for enhancement point review for this afternoon - Hand in estimate for Friday\
\

\b Jason
\b0  - Friday - spent morning looking through the widget to get familiar with plugin code so that he can tie into it. Kathryn wanted BC up. Small CSS bug fix was required. Having issues connecting to Communities DB over VPN. Also looked through code repository and found that widget code was not quite committed by Eddie.  \
\

\b Tim
\b0  - Work on getting Modal login window functionality completed. Javascript libraries were setup for Sears to ease process going forward for future projects. Once modal window has been completed, then both items will be completed.\
\

\b Dan 
\b0 - Finishing up backend to get code for User Profiles. Switched back to troubleshooting OpenID issues, as he was still having troubles. Waiting to hear back for assistance. Today will work with Sebastian to make revisions to get Recent Activity by user, as well as going back and forth with profile team for OpenID.\
\

\b Carl
\b0  - Finished up Recent Activity FED. Started Threaded Discussion view and will continue to work on this today with hopes to complete functionality. Also initiated discussion with Shirley or Doug to confirm consolidation of Recent Activity view.\
\

\b Sean
\b0  - Went through PRD's and started putting test cases together. All test cases based upon requirements docs should be completed within the next day or so.\
\

\b Eddie
\b0  - Returns Tuesday, July 31st. Confirm issues with committed code, as well as Manual list backend. \
\

\b Hamid
\b0  - Continue working on organizing Card view in Mingle.  \
\

\b Sebastian
\b0  - Will continue working on Single pages. Task is mostly completed, however does require minor finishing touches.\
\
\
}