{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13780\viewh15820\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \
Sean - 
\b0 went through mingle, jira, wiki, going through wireframes, and building test cases. 
\b \
\
Jason - 
\b0 BC issues with hamid, available in q/a for next weeks launch. communities - pagination (problem in rewrite rules), will work on that today. not certain on confidence level. 
\b \
\
Sebastian - 
\b0 single post 
\b \
\
Carl - 
\b0 finished html/css recent activity, started on threaded disc, made some minor design tweaks to design layout for recent activity to make more sense. to discuss changes with someone for approval. keep hammering away at threaded discussion. About Me lightweight page will work as photo uploader. waiting for input from UX after they responded back regarding photo-uploader. they sent screenshots and never heard back. \

\b \
Tim - 
\b0 modal window - will launch on monday. working now and testing.\

\b \
Dan - 
\b0 worked through majority of data for profile data, (except recent activity), need carl to work on stuff recent activity, need to wrap up things. pulling down carl's front end code, take it from there, if not finished today, then finished over weekend
\b \
\
Hamid -
\b0  
\b  
\b0 had BC issues. resolved. all pdfs separated. helped shafeeg + sean jira mingle wiki, 
\b \
\
Harry - 
\b0 w3 total cache plugin - got some HR stuff to complete
\b  
\b0 \
}