{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Shafeeg 
\b0 - Update Header to holiday header for Comm / Presentation for client for Ratings and Reviews. Need updated Estimate from Brendan. 
\b \
\
Carl
\b0  - Polls testing and pushed up a couple of tags, met with product detail folks on process, talked with Judy and Casey about Universal Header\
\

\b Sean
\b0  - Regression on Polls, almost ready to push to QA, logged out user should no longer see results upon initial landing page. CSAT testing and fix pushed up to INT, 404 page link issues. \
\

\b Jason
\b0  - Facebook App/Plugin, (Have Eddie delegate improvement tasks to Dan/Jason)\
\

\b Dan
\b0  - Poll testing, bug fixes, 404 bug issue\
\

\b Sebastian
\b0  - 302 Redirect issues and server coordination for Google Bots, Coordinated with Patton, threw up FB App for Brendan, Gear work. \
\

\b Eddie
\b0  - Presentation for client for Ratings and Reviews. Need updated Estimate from Brendan. Polls issues with cookie, updated/pushed tags, Omniture help (if needed)\
\

\b Tim
\b0  - Polls Javascript (removed because Polls relied on objects, so references were removed), contacted Berlinger for Omniture SuiteID\
\

\b Kristin
\b0  - Polls testing (Bugs reported: Multiple Choice - % calculation issue for multiple answer). WFH from 9-2 Friday. \
\

\b Hamid
\b0  - Polls testing, Disk Space issues on QA, Training with Frank on post administration, \
\
}