{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Shafeeg 
\b0 - \
\
Yesterday: \
\
Chatted with Hamid, Phil, Casey after launching on some changes (Tab over Total Votes, Bold Total Votes, "Select no more than one answer(s), and some other changes I'll discuss with Tim/Carl later.\
10:30 Meeting for Ratings and Reviews\
Did ViewPoints redirection testing and sent an email because it wasn't working correctly.\
Follow up with you guys on where we are for Omniture on the 20th.\
Meet with Phil on potential email providers (narrowed 10 to 5). We will have a meeting next week to further refine our selection and come up with screening questions.\
\
Today:\
\
Work with Sean on getting some maintenance work assigned.\
Follow up on getting updated Polls changes pushed through ranks. \
Follow up on Omniture.\
Continue testing any ViewPoints redirection (if changes have been made).\

\b \
Carl
\b0  - Closed up Jiras. Cosmetic changes for Polls. Answer Count bug on profile pages. Researched diff tools for formatting comments. Finish up answer count. \
\

\b Sean
\b0  - Jira verification. Expandable text field information. \
\

\b Jason
\b0  - Summary List widget / VPN working / \
\

\b Dan
\b0  - Jira fixes (All QA / General Category). Work with Tim on Jira bugs. Work with Carl on some researching. Work on Cron. \
\

\b Sebastian
\b0  - Get bot server up. Setting up. Setup F5. Work with Sarnecki to get it setup. Finish up QA server for Communities. \
\

\b Eddie
\b0  - Researched WP 3.5 / Estimation with Brendan for R&R \
\

\b Tim
\b0  - Omniture setup. Waiting for Adam Berlinger to test. Omniture will require push. Poll improvements to capture selection after Poll submission. \
\

\b Kristin
\b0  - Closed Jiras. Follow up with Sean.\
\

\b Hamid
\b0  - Sent QA link for ODL to client. Fixed See More link bugs. \
\
\
\
\
}