{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Shafeeg 
\b0 - \
\
Yesterday: \
\
Started working on report. \
Viewpoints meeting\
\
\
Today:\
\
Send Brendan stand up notes for this week. \
Update Header to holiday header for Comm / Presentation for client for Ratings and Reviews. \
10:00 Meeting for ViewPoints migration testing\
Update Brendan on Ratings and Reviews\
Need updated Estimate from Brendan. \
Follow up with you guys on where we are for Omniture on the 20th.\
Ratings and Reviews meeting at 1030\
Meet with Phil on potential email providers. at 3:00 p.m.
\b \
\
Carl
\b0  - Closed/pushed out couple of Jiras. \
\

\b Sean
\b0  - Work on coordinating and pushing out cosmetic changes for Poll. Went through Jiras. Regression testing bugs. SYW bug fixed. Polls bugs have been closed. Go through bug list with Phil to descale some issues. \
\

\b Jason
\b0  - Modified FB plugin. Worked on Summary list widget Jira. Will be out on Wed and Friday WFH.  Monday WFH. \
\

\b Dan
\b0  - Worked on backend for Polls for post-authentication poll submission and focus. Will be OOO WEd. \
\

\b Sebastian
\b0  - Test ViewPoints redirection with URLs provided to them. Setup Jiras to get 301 bot server. We need for Byrd to copy over DB. Setup servers. Redirection testing. \
\

\b Eddie
\b0  - WP upgrade? Anything we can do this week? Researched WP 3.5 upgrade. Worked on submodules from inside the WP directory to outside. \
\

\b Tim
\b0  -  Omniture \
\

\b Kristin
\b0  - Tested production and today will work on Jiras to get them updated. \
\

\b Hamid
\b0  - QA servers are updated for ODL are updated. More Polls testing. Communicate with Nivi that Ad Units are using page turn, instead of new window.\
\

\b Brendan
\b0  - Sears Home Services estimate, Review Dan's cron code, R&R estimate. Revise Lawn and Garden estimate. We are not getting the Craftsman project. Facebook App. Tomorrow out. Wed/Fri working from home. Looked over Dan's cron code. \
}