{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19040\viewh13380\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Hamid
\b0  - Refine Mingle User Stories \
\

\b Jason
\b0  - Pagination complete. Eddie to delegate widget work to Jason. Infinite scroll temporarily pushed aside (low priority) \
\

\b Eddie
\b0  - Sent update on Friday. Helped with Git issues. Couple of widgets left to do. Assign one to Jason. Various backend work today.\

\b \
Sebastian
\b0  - Single pages. Encountered blocker - icons weren't cut out properly and caused complication when flattening images. Still waiting for Q/A server due to MySQL. Brendan to follow up with Richard Byrd.\
\

\b Sean
\b0  - Continued working on writing test cases. Remaining test case sections include progressive disclosure and profile. Will also work with Hamid to verify all sections accounted. Also continue working to correct access issues. \

\b \
Dan 
\b0 - Continue on OpenID issue. Per suggestions, switch over to testing/qa environment for debugging purposes. This was completed, however there hasn't been any further communication. Continue work on data for profile pages. 
\b \
\
Tim
\b0  - Continue working on modal login\
\

\b Carl
\b0  - Incorporated assets into codebase. Carl to work with Eddie. tTm working on front end stuff for open id login. should be done by end of the morning. \
\

\b Shafeeg
\b0  - \
\
Reviewed Updated Sears Greendale Status -\
Reviewed Some Migration Details and Docs - Added a Couple of Notes\
Reviewed Mingle Cards for Communities with Hamid - \
Played around with MySears / Kmart - Ratings/Reviews, etc\
Started gathering ideas for improving development tracking structure\
\
}