{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Shafeeg
\b0  - Worked on getting a pulse check on the project by updating Greendale Status sheet to account for all front end and backend development. Continue working on overall development process, as well as review Ratings and Reviews.
\b \
\
Hamid
\b0  - Complete Jira Access Setup, \
	   Worked on Kmart fashion\
	   Continue work on Mingle user stories\
\

\b Jason
\b0  - 2 Kmart fashion meetings - \
	  Bug discovered with meeting categories (symlink). Issue fixed and tested. \
	  Deployed and tested Kmart Fashion.\
\

\b Eddie
\b0  - Started Recent Activity backend / filtering,etc.\

\b \
Sebastian
\b0  - Styles done for Singe Post - Work with Dan on Recent Activity\
\

\b Sean
\b0  - Mingle/ Jira issues /\
	 Continue working on QA test cases for wires\

\b \
Dan 
\b0 - 	Having issues with SSO login for registration. Passed next hurdle and will continue working on it. Also continue work on OpenID issue.\

\b \
Tim
\b0  - Modal - work with Dan to link up code. Work on Javascript. Work with Sebastian on Click-down. We may potentially have a class we can utilize. \
\

\b Carl
\b0  - html/css login options for mobile, added openID icon, waiting on javascript + URLs from Dan, git help from Eddie, reworking the Recent Activity and add logic to expand the profile work. Meet with Dan/Eddie for HTML logic. \
\

\b Brendan
\b0  - Work on estimation  \
	       Retrieve Badges / Laptops for new hires - \
	       Talked with another client for starting Kmart gamer. \
	       Checking on status for Backfill for Greenachre. \
	       Need another WP developer or backend php developer. \
	       Follow up on Q/A environments - Byrd respond to get another teams involved. \
	       Putting in estimates for Ratings & Reviews.}