{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Yesterday:\

\b0 \
 Just send me the items (with a brief description) in no particular order or priority\
1:30 p.m. One-on-One meeting with Brendan (pre-client meet)\
Continue working with Sebastian on 302 Redirect issue (Mark Sarnecki)\
Ratings and Reviews meeting \
\

\b Today:
\b0 \
\
Work on updating the weekly Communities report for Phil/Casey.\
I still need Tim and Eddie to send me front-end and backend improvements. Need that right away.\
We need to get on INT today and start QA.\
Follow up with team for questions/concerns on Polls. \
Brendan one-on-one\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Eddie - \
\
Dan
\b0  - opened ticket for byrd for mysql database for Polls. Worked on Jiras. Profile/Recent Activity, CSAT fix (on int). Comment capability issues. Continue working on Jiras. \
\

\b Hamid
\b0  - ODL touch base meeting/  pulled a list of 5,000 users for survey. Worked on polls testing on INT / Jiras. \
\

\b Sean
\b0  - Talked with Carl. Worked on Polls testing/ regression/ chat with Brendan. CSAT testing. Jiras. \
\

\b Carl
\b0  - Polls / Issues on INT / help on Polls / meeting with Product details page. \
\

\b Kristin
\b0  - Worked with Sean on regression\
\

\b Tim
\b0  - Polls went up. Bug fixes required. Carl. Work with Eddie on figuring on Widgetpress/javascript issues. \
\

\b Jason
\b0  -  Worked on Facebook plugin. \
\

\b Brendan
\b0  -  \
\

\b Sebastian 
\b0 - 302 redirect issue fix (bot), f5 issues, }