{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Yesterday:\

\b0 \
10:00 a.m. Ratings and Reviews Meeting\
Did some post-meeting analysis to break down the different components with Brendan, Eddie, and Hamid. \
Started working on updating the weekly Communities report for client.\
Follow up with team for questions/concerns on Polls. \
\

\b Today:\
\

\b0 Work on updating the weekly Communities report for Phil/Casey.\
I still need Tim and Eddie to send me front-end and backend improvements. Need that right away. Just send me the items (with a brief description) in no particular order or priority\
1:30 p.m. One-on-One meeting with Brendan (pre-client meet)\
Continue working with Sebastian on 302 Redirect issue (Mark Sarnecki)\
We need to get on INT today and start QA.\
Follow up with team for questions/concerns on Polls. \
\
\
\
FED/BED - Improvements / INT DOWN\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Eddie - 
\b0 Ratings/Reviews HTML\

\b \
Dan
\b0  - SQL script for polls production db / Work with Eddie backend Pools \
\

\b Hamid
\b0  - Got assets for ODL Holiday. Ratings and Reviews 2:30 p.m. Regression testing on INT/QA.\
\

\b Sean
\b0  - Went over Polls requirements with Kristin. Polls on INT -> start testing today. \
\

\b Carl
\b0  - Worked with Eddie on Polls integration. Meeting for re-design.\
\

\b Kristin
\b0  - Made a test case spreadsheet for Polls. \
\

\b Tim
\b0  - Successfully integrated FED code with Carl HTML/CSS/Javascript. Push up to INT. Start working on Omniture. \
\

\b Jason
\b0  - Working on plugin product. Working on BDC FB Sync\'85 continue working to complete that. \
\

\b Brendan
\b0  - Writing up requirements. Ratings and Reviews Comm meeting. Brendan OOO tomorrow. \
\

\b Sebastian 
\b0 - mySQL instances / memory upgrade improvemetns. }