{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Yesterday:
\b0 \
-Work on setting up ad promo test on production and replied back to Frank/Nivi and team\
-Work on planning and gathering items from Tim for ViewPoints migration (Tim Oakes' last day is November 17th)\
-Follow up for any Thursday maintenance pushes\
-Server upgrade last night to 8GB / worked with Sebastian on PHP-FPM configs with nginx and we're already seeing memory usage reduced by 25% to prep for holiday\
\

\b Today:
\b0 \
-Follow up \
-Bug Sebastian about database dump\
-More ViewPoints\
-Follow up with team for questions/concerns on Polls.\
-2:30 p.m. Ratings and Reviews\
\'a0\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Eddie - 
\b0 Finished widget in WP submodule. Need to work with Dan and Carl on submodules. Will work on getting JS done. Met with Christina Zhong for members plugin.\

\b \
Dan
\b0  - Finished up Polls stuff in backend. Worked on pagination. Today will work on integration. Get code into repo. \
\

\b Hamid
\b0  - Removing / editing content Sears/Kmart\
\

\b Sean
\b0  - Sent over truncation issues for posts/ closed a bunch of bugs that were descaled. \
\

\b Carl
\b0  - Finished HTML/CSS for Polls. Results and two version of the question are done. Tested with variety of user cases. Need to finish up error messaging. Header/Footer research.\
\

\b Kristin
\b0  - Smoke testing. Broken ad. \
\

\b Tim
\b0  - Worked with Carl on HTML done and CSS with Carl. Integrate to submodule. DB updating. Get JS finished for Poll. \
\

\b Jason
\b0  - Made headway on Facebook App. Backend processing for FB App.\
\

\b Brendan
\b0  - Ratings/Reviews at 2:30 p.m. / Ad Promo email\
\

\b Sebastian 
\b0 -
\b  
\b0 Testing QA changes from Prod. Memory upgrade. Server stuff and meeting with Patton. Gear project. Handbooks API. MML\
}