{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red23\green23\blue23;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Jason: \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 -Continued work on FA Lite and finally figured out the issue and fix it.
\b \

\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Hamid:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 -Go the copy from Frank and finished off the Sr.Blogger content for the badges modal the community team page.\
-Tested QA to see if Subcats farm links show up on the main navigation and it doesn't show\
-Still need Mr. Tim to breakdown the SHC-JSL stories\
-Spoke with my bud Kathryn yesterday and the only wire that is a final copy is the email notification wire.\
-Apparently we can't send Jira tickets to the SVN team anymore so contacted a few people to get leads but that didn't work, so i contacted Romit who did the modifications for me last time to add 'other' under website field\
-Meetings today\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Brendan:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 -1pm Eloqua meeting\
-3pm Garden Shop meeting and more meetings today \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \
Sebastian:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs26 \cf2 - Wrote for Brendan for new sites\
- Set up wp.5\
- Found issue, did testing\
- Trying to fix issue
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \
Sean:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 -Tested Addthis and encountered styling issues and also it displays all forms of social media icons\
-Embed featured is working on the article\
-The arrow for the Tooltip is not showing up and doesn't properly work 
\b \
\
Carl:\

\b0 -Yesterday: got to the bottom of why addthis update was failing. tried fixing. some improvements to global nav service. \
-Spoke to brendan about getting UX on board\
-Today: will attempt new fix fro addthis plugin today. more improvements for global nav service\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \
Tim
\b0 \
-Continue working on the SHC-JSL\
-Today interviews
\b \
\
Eddie:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 -Today interviews\
-Meeting with Eloqua and Garden Shop\
-Finished off the media category
\b \
\
Dan:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf0 -Completed testing and debugging of SSO changes.\
-Began work on screen name update feature addition to SSO plugin.\
-Troubleshoot and fix issue with login modal not populating in uxint.\
-Ran tests in QA for shcproducts plugin change to include products set to draft in cron update job. Not working -- need to investigate further.\
-Today, Figure out the issue in shcproducts cron job and deploy to QA for testing.\
-Continue with screen name updater changes in SSO.
\b \
}